WIP: Fluids - BCs (#540)
CEED/libCEED: examples/fluids/index.rst

   :label: eq-advection

with :math:`\bm{u}` the vector velocity field. In this particular test case, a
blob of total energy (defined by a characteristic radius :math:`r_c`) is transported by two
different wind types.

- **Rotation**

   In this case, a uniform circular velocity field transports the blob of total energy. We have

>    solved :math:numref:`eq-advection` with zero energy density :math:`E`, and no-flux for :math:`\bm{u}`.

Reviewer: When you say "with zero energy density" here, do you mean for the BCs?

Author: Hmm! I believe so! Actually, I didn't write this part. It was already there. Maybe adding `on the boundaries` or `for BCs`  at the end of the sentence?

   The :math:`3D` version of this test case can be run with::

      ./navierstokes -problem advection -problem_advection_wind rotation

   while the :math:`2D` version with::

      ./navierstokes -problem advection2d -problem_advection_wind rotation

- **Translation**

>    In this case, a background wind with a constant velocity field, enters the domain and compels
>    the blob of total energy to leave the domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In this case, a background wind with a constant rectilinear velocity field, enters the domain and transports
   the blob of total energy out of the domain.
```

Reviewer: I suggested `rectilinear` just to be extra clear, since constant alone does not specify this

Author: Oh, sorry I missed it.

>    For the inflow boundary conditions, a prescribed :math:`E_wind` is applied weakly on the inflow boundaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For the inflow boundary conditions, a prescribed :math:`E_{wind}` is applied weakly on the inflow boundaries.
```

Author: Ouch! Thank you for catching this.

   In this case, a background wind with a constant velocity field, enters the domain and compels
   the blob of total energy to leave the domain.

   For the inflow boundary conditions, a prescribed :math:`E_wind` is applied weakly on the inflow boundaries.

>    For the outflow boundary conditions, we have applied values from previous iteration, following

Reviewer: Thanks Leila for adding this! It looks great! I'm having a bit of a hard time to grasp this sentence, where we refer to previous interations to calculate a spatial flux. Is this what this sentence means?

```suggestion
   In order to calculate :math:`\bm{F}(\bm q_N^{n+1})`, for the outflow boundary condition, we have used values of :math:`E` from the previous time iteration, namely  :math:`E^n`, following
```

Reviewer 2: Unless I'm missing context, I don't think it's true that we use values from the previous time step.

Author: Sorry for the confusion.
I guess I wrote this because I was only thinking of explicit time stepping. 

How about: 
"For the outflow boundary conditions, we have used the current values of `E`, following"
?

Reviewer 2: I think it's all consistent with the semi-discrete form `g(t, q, qdot) = 0` or `qdot = f(t, q)` in that all state variables appear at the same instant. (Stages in the time integrator correspond to quadrature points in time.) So we're quite literally performing the integral that appears in the weak form.
